README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/trans.png" alt="SoulSync Logo">
</p>

# 🎵 SoulSync - Automated Music Discovery & Collection Manager

Bridge the gap between streaming services and your local music library. Automatically sync Spotify/Tidal/YouTube playlists to Plex/Jellyfin via Soulseek.

> ⚠️ **CRITICAL**: You MUST configure file sharing in slskd before using SoulSync. Users who only download without sharing get banned by the Soulseek community. Set up shared folders in slskd's web interface at `http://localhost:5030/shares` - share your music library or downloads folder.

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/boulderbadgedad)

## ✨ What It Does

- **Auto-sync playlists** from Spotify/Tidal/YouTube to your media server
- **Smart matching** finds what you're missing vs what you own
- **Download missing tracks** from Soulseek with FLAC priority
- **Metadata enhancement** adds proper tags and album art
- **File organization** creates clean folder structures
- **Artist discovery** browse complete discographies
- **Wishlist system** saves failed downloads for automatic retry
- **Artist watchlist** monitors for new releases and adds missing tracks
- **Background automation** retries failed downloads every hour


## 🚀 Three Ways to Run

### 1. Desktop GUI (Original)
Full PyQt6 desktop application with all features.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Nezreka/SoulSync
cd SoulSync
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py
```

### 2. Web UI (New!)
Browser-based interface - same features, runs anywhere.
```bash
python web_server.py
# Open http://localhost:8008
```

### 3. Docker (New!)
Containerized web UI with persistent database.
```bash
# Option 1: Use docker-compose (recommended)
curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Nezreka/SoulSync/main/docker-compose.yml
docker-compose up -d

# Option 2: Run directly
docker run -d -p 8008:8008 boulderbadgedad/soulsync:latest

# Open http://localhost:8008
```

## ⚡ Quick Setup

### Prerequisites
- **slskd**: Download from [GitHub](https://github.com/slskd/slskd/releases), run on port 5030
- **Spotify API**: Get Client ID/Secret (see setup below)
- **Tidal API**: Get Client ID/Secret (see setup below)  
- **Media Server**: Plex or Jellyfin (optional but recommended)

## 🔑 API Setup Guide

### Spotify API Setup
1. Go to [Spotify Developer Dashboard](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard)
2. Click **"Create App"**
3. Fill out the form:
   - **App Name**: `SoulSync` (or whatever you want)
   - **App Description**: `Music library sync`
   - **Website**: `http://localhost` (or leave blank)
   - **Redirect URI**: `http://localhost:8888/callback`
4. Click **"Save"** 
5. Click **"Settings"** on your new app
6. Copy the **Client ID** and **Client Secret**

### Tidal API Setup
1. Go to [Tidal Developer Dashboard](https://developer.tidal.com/dashboard)
2. Click **"Create New App"**
3. Fill out the form:
   - **App Name**: `SoulSync`
   - **Description**: `Music library sync`
   - **Redirect URI**: `http://localhost:8889/callback`
   - **Scopes**: Select `user.read` and `playlists.read`
4. Click **"Save"**
5. Copy the **Client ID** and **Client Secret**

### Plex Token Setup
**Easy Method:**
1. Open Plex in your browser and sign in
2. Go to any movie/show page
3. Click **"Get Info"** or three dots menu → **"View XML"**
4. In the URL bar, copy everything after `X-Plex-Token=`
   - Example: `http://192.168.1.100:32400/library/metadata/123?X-Plex-Token=YOUR_TOKEN_HERE`
5. Your Plex server URL is typically `http://YOUR_IP:32400`

**Alternative Method:**
1. Go to [plex.tv/claim](https://plex.tv/claim) while logged in
2. Your 4-minute claim token appears - this isn't what you need
3. Instead, right-click → Inspect → Network tab → Reload page
4. Look for requests with `X-Plex-Token` header and copy that value

### Final Steps
1. Set up slskd with downloads folder and API key
2. Launch SoulSync, go to Settings, enter all your API credentials
3. Configure your download and transfer folder paths
4. **Important**: Share music in slskd to avoid bans

### Docker Notes
- Database persists between rebuilds via named volume
- Mount drives containing your download/transfer folders:
  ```yaml
  volumes:
    - /mnt/c:/host/mnt/c:rw  # For C: drive paths
    - /mnt/d:/host/mnt/d:rw  # For D: drive paths
  ```
- Uses separate database from GUI/WebUI versions

## 🎯 Core Features

**Search & Download**: Manual track search with preview streaming  
**Playlist Sync**: Spotify/Tidal/YouTube playlist analysis and batch downloads  
**Artist Explorer**: Complete discography browsing with missing indicators  
**Smart Matching**: Advanced algorithm prioritizes originals over remixes  
**Wishlist Management**: Failed downloads automatically saved and retried hourly  
**Artist Watchlist**: Add favorite artists to monitor for new releases automatically  
**Automation**: Hourly retry of failed downloads, metadata enhancement  
**Activity Feed**: Real-time status and progress tracking

## 📁 File Flow

1. **Search**: Query Soulseek via slskd API
2. **Download**: Files saved to configured download folder  
3. **Process**: Auto-organize to transfer folder with metadata
4. **Structure**: `Transfer/Artist/Artist - Album/01 - Track.flac`
5. **Import**: Media server picks up organized files

## 🔧 Config Example

```json
{
  "spotify": {
    "client_id": "your_client_id",
    "client_secret": "your_client_secret"
  },
  "plex": {
    "base_url": "http://localhost:32400",
    "token": "your_plex_token"
  },
  "soulseek": {
    "slskd_url": "http://localhost:5030", 
    "api_key": "your_api_key",
    "download_path": "/path/to/downloads",
    "transfer_path": "/path/to/music/library"
  }
}
```

## ⚠️ Important Notes

- **Must share files in slskd** - downloaders without shares get banned
- **Docker uses separate database** from GUI/WebUI versions
- **Transfer path** should point to your media server music library
- **FLAC preferred** but supports all common formats

## 🏗️ Architecture

- **Core**: Service clients for Spotify, Plex, Jellyfin, Soulseek
- **Database**: SQLite with full media library cache  
- **UI**: PyQt6 desktop + Flask web interface
- **Matching**: Advanced text normalization and scoring
- **Background**: Multi-threaded with automatic retry logic

Modern, clean, automated. Set it up once, let it manage your music library.

Commit message:

Add Docker OAuth authentication troubleshooting guide
Introduced DOCKER-OAUTH-FIX.md to address 'Insecure redirect URI' errors when using OAuth from devices other than the Docker host. Updated README.md to reference the new guide for users encountering authentication issues.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/trans.png" alt="SoulSync Logo">
</p>

# 🎵 SoulSync - Automated Music Discovery & Collection Manager

Bridge the gap between streaming services and your local music library. Automatically sync Spotify/Tidal/YouTube playlists to Plex/Jellyfin via Soulseek.

> ⚠️ **CRITICAL**: You MUST configure file sharing in slskd before using SoulSync. Users who only download without sharing get banned by the Soulseek community. Set up shared folders in slskd's web interface at `http://localhost:5030/shares` - share your music library or downloads folder.

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/boulderbadgedad)

## ✨ What It Does

- **Auto-sync playlists** from Spotify/Tidal/YouTube to your media server
- **Smart matching** finds what you're missing vs what you own
- **Download missing tracks** from Soulseek with FLAC priority
- **Metadata enhancement** adds proper tags and album art
- **File organization** creates clean folder structures
- **Artist discovery** browse complete discographies
- **Wishlist system** saves failed downloads for automatic retry
- **Artist watchlist** monitors for new releases and adds missing tracks
- **Background automation** retries failed downloads every hour


## 🚀 Three Ways to Run

### 1. Desktop GUI (Original)
Full PyQt6 desktop application with all features.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Nezreka/SoulSync
cd SoulSync
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py
```

### 2. Web UI (New!)
Browser-based interface - same features, runs anywhere.
```bash
python web_server.py
# Open http://localhost:8008
```

### 3. Docker (New!)
Containerized web UI with persistent database.
```bash
# Option 1: Use docker-compose (recommended)
curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Nezreka/SoulSync/main/docker-compose.yml
docker-compose up -d

# Option 2: Run directly
docker run -d -p 8008:8008 boulderbadgedad/soulsync:latest

# Open http://localhost:8008
```

## ⚡ Quick Setup

### Prerequisites
- **slskd**: Download from [GitHub](https://github.com/slskd/slskd/releases), run on port 5030
- **Spotify API**: Get Client ID/Secret (see setup below)
- **Tidal API**: Get Client ID/Secret (see setup below)  
- **Media Server**: Plex or Jellyfin (optional but recommended)

## 🔑 API Setup Guide

### Spotify API Setup
1. Go to [Spotify Developer Dashboard](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard)
2. Click **"Create App"**
3. Fill out the form:
   - **App Name**: `SoulSync` (or whatever you want)
   - **App Description**: `Music library sync`
   - **Website**: `http://localhost` (or leave blank)
   - **Redirect URI**: `http://localhost:8888/callback`
4. Click **"Save"** 
5. Click **"Settings"** on your new app
6. Copy the **Client ID** and **Client Secret**

### Tidal API Setup
1. Go to [Tidal Developer Dashboard](https://developer.tidal.com/dashboard)
2. Click **"Create New App"**
3. Fill out the form:
   - **App Name**: `SoulSync`
   - **Description**: `Music library sync`
   - **Redirect URI**: `http://localhost:8889/callback`
   - **Scopes**: Select `user.read` and `playlists.read`
4. Click **"Save"**
5. Copy the **Client ID** and **Client Secret**

### Plex Token Setup
**Easy Method:**
1. Open Plex in your browser and sign in
2. Go to any movie/show page
3. Click **"Get Info"** or three dots menu → **"View XML"**
4. In the URL bar, copy everything after `X-Plex-Token=`
   - Example: `http://192.168.1.100:32400/library/metadata/123?X-Plex-Token=YOUR_TOKEN_HERE`
5. Your Plex server URL is typically `http://YOUR_IP:32400`

**Alternative Method:**
1. Go to [plex.tv/claim](https://plex.tv/claim) while logged in
2. Your 4-minute claim token appears - this isn't what you need
3. Instead, right-click → Inspect → Network tab → Reload page
4. Look for requests with `X-Plex-Token` header and copy that value

### Final Steps
1. Set up slskd with downloads folder and API key
2. Launch SoulSync, go to Settings, enter all your API credentials
3. Configure your download and transfer folder paths
4. **Important**: Share music in slskd to avoid bans

### Docker Notes
- Database persists between rebuilds via named volume
- Mount drives containing your download/transfer folders:
  ```yaml
  volumes:
    - /mnt/c:/host/mnt/c:rw  # For C: drive paths
    - /mnt/d:/host/mnt/d:rw  # For D: drive paths
  ```
- Uses separate database from GUI/WebUI versions

## 🎯 Core Features

**Search & Download**: Manual track search with preview streaming  
**Playlist Sync**: Spotify/Tidal/YouTube playlist analysis and batch downloads  
**Artist Explorer**: Complete discography browsing with missing indicators  
**Smart Matching**: Advanced algorithm prioritizes originals over remixes  
**Wishlist Management**: Failed downloads automatically saved and retried hourly  
**Artist Watchlist**: Add favorite artists to monitor for new releases automatically  
**Automation**: Hourly retry of failed downloads, metadata enhancement  
**Activity Feed**: Real-time status and progress tracking

## 📁 File Flow

1. **Search**: Query Soulseek via slskd API
2. **Download**: Files saved to configured download folder  
3. **Process**: Auto-organize to transfer folder with metadata
4. **Structure**: `Transfer/Artist/Artist - Album/01 - Track.flac`
5. **Import**: Media server picks up organized files

## 🔧 Config Example

```json
{
  "spotify": {
    "client_id": "your_client_id",
    "client_secret": "your_client_secret"
  },
  "plex": {
    "base_url": "http://localhost:32400",
    "token": "your_plex_token"
  },
  "soulseek": {
    "slskd_url": "http://localhost:5030", 
    "api_key": "your_api_key",
    "download_path": "/path/to/downloads",
    "transfer_path": "/path/to/music/library"
  }
}
```

## ⚠️ Important Notes

- **Must share files in slskd** - downloaders without shares get banned
- **Docker uses separate database** from GUI/WebUI versions
- **Transfer path** should point to your media server music library
- **FLAC preferred** but supports all common formats
- **OAuth from different devices:** See [DOCKER-OAUTH-FIX.md](DOCKER-OAUTH-FIX.md) if you get "Insecure redirect URI" errors

## 🏗️ Architecture

- **Core**: Service clients for Spotify, Plex, Jellyfin, Soulseek
- **Database**: SQLite with full media library cache  
- **UI**: PyQt6 desktop + Flask web interface
- **Matching**: Advanced text normalization and scoring
- **Background**: Multi-threaded with automatic retry logic

Modern, clean, automated. Set it up once, let it manage your music library.
